We will now be transferred to this new user that just bought it inside the app. This way, as long as I'm someone who is planning to start, I'm trying to start an online store where I sell AC remote.

I could say I want to buy a community. I would say a community where it's filled up with people that pay AC, people that buy AC, people that sell AC. I could buy a store where I could see a community where it should be people that fix or sell or buy TVs, which would later need the remote. That's just an example.

Or I'm trying to start an online store of artworks, so I could buy a community of people that sell frames, or people that buy and sell frames so I could have more visibility. Or I could buy a community of interior decoration groups where we see people might need my frames if I post as an admin. It's as if I have an online presence in that community, like a mayor of the community, because once I post, mostly everybody in that community would see my post. That's the main goal of buying the community, so that when you post in some certain community, all the people in that community are going to see what you posted and they will know about what you are trying to tell them. If they want to engage or not, that's left to them.

Let's say I bought a community of a particular age group. I probably want to start an online class, online platform where I want a particular age group for people. I don't know, probably particularly for people, not by race but just a little bit of trick of nationality, so we know where people are coming from. If I buy that kind of community, or I buy, like, a community of, let's say, a town, let's say there is a community now that is called Ikoyi. Let's say there is a community now that is called, probably, a community in Pennsylvania or probably a community in New York. Probably it is a town, a street in New York. Let's say Chicago, New York. Let's say probably someone created a community and named it Chicago, and it is filled with people in Chicago. Let's say someone created the community, and people have been joining the community, people have been engaging in the community, talking in the community, and gradually the community is now going to a stage of having a lot of members, so let's say the community is now a Koi. That means it is filled with a lot of people living in Koi, people that come around Koi, that dress around Koi, pertaining to Ikoyi. This way, if I should buy that kind of community, if I should post something, it will be seen by that targeted audience of the niche of community that the buying user has purchased.